Balloon Season Tutorial Script

UI design:
Page flip buttons (prev/next)
Exit button

Page 1:
Welcome and thank you for downloading Ballon Season!
This tutorial will explain the objectives and instructions to this game.

Page 2:
The objective of this game is to score as many points as possible within a time limit.
This is done by popping as many balloons as possible. Balloons will appear
from the bottom of the screen and will continue to ascend before they go off-screen.
Make sure you pop those balloons before they get a chance to escape!

Page 3:
To score a lot of points, it is important to accumulate combos. This is done by
popping certain coloured balloons in a certain order. Consider the colour wheel
on the top right corner. If you pop a balloon of a certain colour, you must pop
either the same colour or one of the colour adjacent to the last colour.
(insert colour wheel)

Page 4:
(show possible combos)
Blue -> Pink -> Red = Combo

(option to show real-time gameplay demonstration where the user must get 5 combos to pass)

Page 5:
You also need to be quick with your combo as it does decrease with the time not spent on
getting combos. Messing up on a combo also leads to a penalty to your combo count!

Page 6:
There are two game modes: Arcade Mode and Rush Mode. Arcade Mode lasts 90 seconds while Rush Mode lasts 60 seconds.
(show the two game mode buttons)

Page 7:
Arcade Mode features temporary weather effects that changes the gameplay. For instance, the snow effect
slows down all of the balloons' ascention and stops the timer.
(show a screenshot)

Page 8:
Another weather effect is the sun. Here only balloons of the same colour is produced, making it a lot easier to rack up combos.
(show a screenshot)

Page 9:
The final weather effect will not make you happy. It is the fog, which deliberately clouds your vision and you may not be able to see
the balloons' colour properly.
(show a screenshot)

Page 10:
That covers Arcade Mode. Rush Mode does not feature weather effects so it is mainly a mode where you can test your ability to rack up combos.
However, balloons appear in greater numbers and at a much high frequency, so you really need to be quick!

Page 11:
That is it for the tutorial. Thank you again for downloading Balloon Season and I hope you enjoy the game!